Model Coupler README

The coupler code is broken into a few tiers:
    
    1. Top tier: coupler.py
    This module handles all the abstracted functionality of the coupling,
    e.g. "run", "setup" and things like that in a very general sense.
    Users shouldn't have to fiddle with this.

    2. Second tier: models.py
    This module has both the abstract parent class "Model" and the children
    classes like "MITgcm" and "GEOSChem" which define the behaviors and 
    particulars of those specific models.
    
    Something that users might want to edit in this module would be the fill_dict
    definitions in the specific model classes. For example if a new template tag
    needed to be added to an input file to define the location of some data, the
    user might add the line
    	 '@DATALOCATION':'/path/to/some/data',
    to the fill_dict definition in the method _make_input_file in one of the 
    specific model classes.

    3. Third tier: python runscript (e.g. testing.py)
    In these python scripts, the above modules are called and instances of the
    classes are used to perform the coupled run.
    Important thing for users to define in these:
    	      info dictionaries: filled with names and paths and info
	      types of models being used
	      start time, end time, time step (in hours)

    4. Lowest tier: other scripts
    These scripts are the ones used by the coupler to do all the work,
    and can be freely edited by users to do what they do better without touching 
    the python modules. Their templates are pointed to in the python runscripts 
    in the model info dictionaries and use a tagging system to be filled 
    appropriately. In the script templates, tags are, by convention, started with
    the symbol '@' and all caps. These tags will be replaced as the coupling code
    fills in the templates.



Steps to run:
1. Clone this repository
2. Change mitgcmsetup.sh to have the cloned directory as 'workingdir'
   (and change prepare_run_ecco_v4 and prepare_run_input) (Sorry, will fix!)
3. Run mitgcmsetup.sh (ssh to fs03 first, some big files get moved)
4. Change geossetup.sh to have the cloned directory as 'workingdir'
5. Run geossetup.sh
6. Change 'rootdir' path to cloned directory
7. python example.py
If these steps work, you should be able to make scripts like example.py which
will do the running that you want them to, if you also tweak the model rundirs
appropriately (give them the initial conditions they need, etc.)